[DOCS] Adding metadata to articles (#18153)
openvinotoolkit/openvino: docs/install_guides/installing-openvino-docker-linux.md

@sphinxdirective

.. meta::
   :description: Learn how to use a prebuilt Docker image or create an image 

>                  manually to install OpenVINO™ Runtime on Windows operating system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                 manually to install OpenVINO™ Runtime on Linux and Windows operating systems.
```
